gh-108901: Deprecate `inspect.getcallargs` and slate it for removal (#112236)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.13.rst

  All arguments will be removed from :func:`threading.RLock` in Python 3.15.
  (Contributed by Nikita Sobolev in :gh:`102029`.)

* :func:`inspect.getcallargs` has been deprecated since 3.5.

>   Issue a runtime warning and slate it for remove in 3.15.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Issue a runtime warning and slate it for removal in 3.15.
```

> * :func:`inspect.getcallargs` has been deprecated since 3.5.
>   Issue a runtime warning and slate it for removal in 3.15.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :func:`inspect.getcallargs` has been deprecated since Python 3.5.
  Issue a runtime warning and slate it for removal in Python 3.15.
```

> * :func:`inspect.getcallargs` was deprecated since 3.5,
>   now we issue a runtime warning and slate it for remove in 3.15.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* :func:`inspect.getcallargs` has been deprecated since 3.5.
  Issue a runtime warning and slate it for remove in 3.15.
```
